[INTERNAL] Update documentation with workspaces (#196)
SAP/openui5-sample-app: README.md

    ```

### Linking

Would you like to work on the application project and one or more of its UI5 framework dependencies at the same time? We got you covered!

> 1. Create a new file `ui5-workspaces.yaml` in the root folder of the project, right next to the `ui5.yaml`

Reviewer: ui5-workspace or ui5-workspaces ?

Author: It's `ui5-workspace.yaml`. Thanks a lot!

> 2. In `ui5-workspace.yaml` add the paths to the local dependencies you'd like to use from the local machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In `ui5-workspace.yaml`, add the paths to the local dependencies you'd like to use from your local machine:
```

    ```yaml
    specVersion: workspace/1.0
    metadata:
        name: default
    dependencyManagement:
        resolutions:

>             # local path to OpenUI5. It'd resolve all required libraries and transitive dependencies.

Reviewer: It'd = ?

Author: https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/it-d

I will change it

            - path: /local/path/to/openui5
    ```

You can now make changes in your local OpenUI5 repository and see the impact directly when serving or building your application.

> If a dependency that is listed in `ui5.yaml` is ommited in the `resolutions` section of `ui5-workspace.yaml`, then the library would be resolved the usual way by dowloading the library from the registry. More about dependency resolutions, please check [here](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/pages/Workspace/#dependency-management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a dependency that is listed in `ui5.yaml` is omitted in the `resolutions` section of `ui5-workspace.yaml`, the library is resolved in the usual way by dowloading it from the registry. For more information about dependency resolutions, check [here](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/pages/Workspace/#dependency-management).
```

> The workspace feature always uses the `default` workspace. So, it would always try to resolve the dependencies from the workspace. If you'd like to have the ability to use the workspaces for local development, but want to resolve the libraries the normal way by default, then you might name the workspace and use that name later. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workspace feature always uses the `default` workspace and always attempts to resolve any dependencies from this workspace. If you'd like to use the workspace for local development but want to resolve the libraries in the usual way by default, you can name the workspace and use that name later, for example like this:
```

```yaml
specVersion: workspace/1.0
metadata:
    name: local-dependencies # Not "default"
dependencyManagement:
    resolutions:
        - path: /local/path/to/openui5
```

```sh
# Starts a server with a named workspace
npm run start -- -w local-dependencies

> # Starts a server with default dependency resolution

Author: Done

    ```

### Linking

Would you like to work on the application project and one or more of its UI5 framework dependencies at the same time? We got you covered!

1. Create a new file `ui5-workspace.yaml` in the root folder of the project, right next to the `ui5.yaml`
2. In `ui5-workspace.yaml`, add the paths to the local dependencies you'd like to use from your local machine:
    ```yaml
    specVersion: workspace/1.0
    metadata:
        name: default
    dependencyManagement:
        resolutions:
            # local path to OpenUI5. It will resolve all required libraries and transitive dependencies.
            - path: /local/path/to/openui5
    ```

    ```sh

>     # Starts a server with default dependency resolution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Start the development server with default dependency resolution
`npm start`
```

    ```

### Linking

> Would you like to work on the application project and one or more of its dependencies at the same time? We got you covered!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Would you like to work on the application project and one or more of its UI5 framework dependencies at the same time? We got you covered!
```

1. Create a new file `ui5-workspaces.yaml` in the root folder of the project, right next to the `ui5.yaml`
2. In `ui5-workspace.yaml` add the paths to the local dependencies you'd like to use from the local machine:
    ```yaml
    specVersion: workspace/1.0
    metadata:
        name: default
    dependencyManagement:
        resolutions:
            - path: /local/path/to/sap.f # path to the local sap.f library
            - path: /local/path/to/sap.m # path to the local sap.m library
            - path: /local/path/to/sap.ui.core # path to the local sap.ui.core library
            - path: /local/path/to/themelib_sap_fiori_3 # path to the local themelib_sap_fiori_3 library
    ```

You can now make changes in your local OpenUI5 repository and see the impact directly when serving or building your application.

> If a dependency that is listed in `ui5.yaml` is ommited in the `resolutions` section of `ui5-workspace.yaml`, then the library would be resolved the usual way by dowloading the library from `npm` registry or `Maven` repository (if using a SNAPHOT version). More about dependency resolutions, please check [here](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/pages/Workspace/#dependency-management)

Author: Done

> If a dependency that is listed in `ui5.yaml` is ommited in the `resolutions` section of `ui5-workspace.yaml`, then the library would be resolved the usual way by dowloading the library from `npm` registry or `Maven` repository (if using a SNAPHOT version). More about dependency resolutions, please check [here](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/pages/Workspace/#dependency-management)

Author: Thanks! Removed :)

> Workspaces conscept always uses the `default` workspace. So, it would always try to resolve the dependencies from the workspace. If you'd like to have the ability to use the workspaces for local development, but want to resolve the libraries the normal way by default, then you might name the workspace and use that name later. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The workspace feature always uses the `default` workspace. So, it would always try to resolve the dependencies from the workspace. If you'd like to have the ability to use the workspaces for local development, but want to resolve the libraries the normal way by default, then you might name the workspace and use that name later. For example:
```

```yaml
specVersion: workspace/1.0
metadata:
    name: local-dependencies # Not "default"
dependencyManagement:
    resolutions:
        - path: /local/path/to/sap.f
        - path: /local/path/to/sap.m
        - path: /local/path/to/sap.ui.core
        - path: /local/path/to/themelib_sap_fiori_3
```

```sh
# Starts a server with a named workspace
npm run start -- -w local-dependencies
# OR
ui5 serve -w local-dependencies

> # Starts a server with default depenedncy resolution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Starts a server with default dependency resolution
```

> npm run start

Reviewer 2: IMHO we should move the default commands above the custom workspace config and put the customized workspace config into a separate section.

Author: Done
